hello to everyone,
it's almost time for new year's day. i shared the most beautiful amigurumi pattern accessory reindeer pattern for you that you can use in your home. you can use the amigurumi reindeer pattern as a christmas tree ornament. you can use the free pattern to decorate your dinner table for new year's eve. it is very easy to make step by step. you can crochet the amigurumi deer pattern for children and for your loved ones. thank you to the creator of the amigurumi reindeer pattern.
the amigurumi reindeer pattern is very easy to make. crocheted using gray yarn. you can change the thread color if you want. we will crochet the body and head of the amigurumi pattern. we will crochet the nose part separately. after the pieces are ready, let's sew them all to the body part. the legs of the amigurumi reindeer pattern are made of thread and beads. the horns are made with wire. don't forget to add the amigurumi reindeer pattern to your favorite list for christmas.
christmas reindeer pdf amigurumi free pattern
designer
instagram: lenaandcrochet
about the pattern
difficulty level is low.
when using the specified tools and materials, the toy is 9.5 cm high (including the horns) and about 7 cm long. the toy is crocheted in a circle.
materials
crochet hooks no1,6 & n90,8.
knitting needle.
scissors.
yarn yarnart jeans (my color is n271).
yarn iris (the color is dark-brown).
yarn interbird (red color).
toy stuffing
adhesive plaster.
braided wire (mine is an internet cable).
jute rope (225 cm).
a pair of safety eyes and 4 beads for the hooves.
super glue.
acrylic paint color "burnt umber".
abbreviations
mr magic ring
ch chain
sc single crochet
dc double crochet
tr treble crochet
inc single crochet increase
dec single crochet decrease
let's start crocheting the amigurumi reindeer pattern
body
(yarn yarnart jeans.crochet hook no1,6)
rnd 1. 10 ch, sc in the second ch from the hook, 7 sc, 3 sc in the ch, 7 sc, inc = 20 sc
rnd 2. inc, 7 sc, 3 inc, 7 sc, 2 inc = 26 sc
rnd 3-6. 26 sc
rnd 7. 26 sc, additional sc
rnd 8. dec, 7 sc, 3 dec, 7 sc, 2 sc = 20 sc
we fix the thread, leave about 15 cm of yarn. add a bit of toy stuffing and sew up the hole with a knitted needle.
don't fill so much. the body must remain flat.
after completing the body part of the amigurumi reindeer pattern, let's crochet the head part.
head
(yarn yarnart jeans, crochet hook no:1,6)
rnd 1. 6 sc in a mr = 6 sc
rnd 2. (inc, 2 sc)*2 = 8 sc
rnd 3. 1 sc, inc, 3 sc, inc, 2 sc = 10 sc
rnd 4. 2 sc, inc, 4 sc, inc, 2 sc = 12 sc
rnd 5. 2 sc, 2 inc, 4 sc, 2 inc, 2 sc = 16 sc
rnd 6-7. 16 sc
rnd 8. 16 sc + 3 sc to the edge of the head
fix the thread, leave about 15 cm of yarn.
let's make the antlers of the amigurumi reindeer pattern. you can do it more easily if you use copper wire or aluminum wire. after completing the shaping process, you can make a black image of the horns using black thread or black tape.
horns (2 pc)
we take a braided wire 18 cm long (if you use a different yarn, then you may need more / less) and bend it so that one half is longer. form 2 branches from the long part. apply a drop of super glue to the tip of the horn and glue a dark brown yarn.
gently wrap the wire along its entire length, periodically applying a drop of glue. at the end, cut the yarn, fix it with glue. do the second horn in the same way. connect both horns with an adhesive plaster, slightly cut the ends of the wire. insert the resulting structure into the head part, add a bit of toy stuffing and sew up the hole.
let's crochet the ears of the amigurumi pattern
ears
tale (yarn yarnart jeans, crochet hook no1,6)
rnd 1. 2 ch, sc in the second ch from the hook, 1 dc, 1 tr, 1 dc, 1 sc.
fix the thread, leave about 10 cm of yarn.
let's crochet the nose part of the amigurumi reindeer pattern. red thread is preferred.
nose
(yarn interbird, crochet hook n20,8)
rnd 1. 6 sc in a mr = 6 sc
rnd 2. (inc)*6 = 12 sc
rnd 3. (3 inc, 3 sc)*2 = 18 sc
rnd 4. 18 sc
rnd 5. 18 sc, additional sc
rnd 6. (3 dec, 3 sc)*2 = 12 sc
rnd 7. (dec)*6 = 6 sc
fix the thread, leave about 10 cm of yarn..
assembly
1. sew the head to the body.
2. sew the nose closer to the bottom of the head.
3. fix the eyes.
4. embroider eyebrows and mouth with dark brown yarn.
5. thread a jute into a knitted needle, sew in body through and tie knots at the base of the body.
6. cut the jute thread to the length you need, tring a bead and fix it with glue.
7. tint the acrylic paint color "burnt umber" the ends of the wire visible on the horns.
congratulations, you have completed the amigurumi reindeer pattern.
download pdf pattern