hello everyone amigurumi lovers,
with only a few days left until christmas, i'm sharing the last christmas tree decorations. there are only a few days left to leave a great year behind. today we will give you a crochet christmas mitt pattern. first of all, we would like to thank the owner of the pattern for this cute crochet glove pattern. beginner amigurumi lovers, there are step by step pattern instructions and step by step drawings for you. you can easily complete these crocheted christmas gloves and hang them on your tree. stay tuned for more free amigurumi patterns. merry christmas.
christmas crochet mittens ornament free pattern
designer
instagram: doubledutchcrochetco
materials
yarn:
colour a: loops and threads fur in black and white
colour b: baby snuggle in dusty rose
ribbon
hook: 5.5mm
size: 47 in
mitten cuff
fur yarn
row 1: slip knot, chain 9, attach 9th chain to the first chain to make a circle and make a slip stitch.
row 2: sc 9 (9)
change to colour b
row 3: sc 9 (9)
row 4: (sc2,inc)*3 (12)
row 5: (sc2,inc)*4 (16)
row 6: (sc3,inc)*4 (20)
1. with the fur yarn, chain 9.
2. attach 9th chain to the first chain to make a circle and make a slip stitch.
3. to change the colour, end the last stitch of row 2 with colour b.
4. you will want to split the round into the thumb area and the hand area. from the last stitch of row 6, insert hook across so there are 6 stitches on one side and 14 on the other side. make a sc.
mitten thumb
colour b
row 1-3: sc 6 (6)
gather the last 6 stitches and pull tight.
1. make 6 sc around for the thumb piece x3 rounds.
2. thumb piece complete.
mitten hand
colour b
row 1: slip knot, insert into first stitch, sc 14 (14)
row 2-5: sc 14 (14)
row 6: (dec)*7 (7)
gather last 7 stitches and pull tight.
1. make a slip knot to make the hand portion of the glove.
2. insert into the first stitch after the thumb.
3. continue around to complete the hand portion. there may be a small hole between the thumb and the hand, sew it closed.
4. make 2 gloves.
mitten string
1. using the fur yarn, make a slip knot.
2. insert into the outside edge of the rim of the glove where the other fur yarn is. it should be on the opposite side of the thumb. don't forget to follow lovelycraft.com for 2 new free patterns every day.
3. chain 20 and attach to the other glove with a slip knot.
download pdf pattern