greetings to all amigurumi lovers,
today i will present you a very cute amigurumi crochet bunny pattern. first of all, i would like to thank the owner of the pattern for this different and wonderful amigurumi pattern. today's amigurumi pattern is a crochet bunny, but with a slightly different design, it looks just like a marshmallow. she also has a bow tie on her ears, she looks pretty cute. you can make this tiny crochet bunny amigurumi toy for your children, or you can use it as a keychain if you wish. the keychain idea can also be nice, you can use it in your bag or on your car keychain. thanks to the step by step pattern instructions, beginners will quickly complete this pattern. the pattern difficulty is not too much, it is an easy amigurumi pattern. stay tuned for more free crochet amigurumi patterns.
crochet bunny charlotte pdf amigurumi free pattern
designer
instagram: amigurumimission
materials
amigurumi yarn (by circulo) colors: branco (white), chiclete (pink), organza (salmon).
black embroidery thread
safety eyes
fiberfill
crochet hook: 2mm
tapestry needle
scissors
stitch markers
body
with white yarn:
rnd 1. ch 15, 14 sc from the second chain on, ch 1 and turn.
rnd 2-13. 14 sc, ch 1 and turn.
rnd 14. 14 sc.
rnd 15. don't turn, crochet around the piece. 42 sc (14 in each the next 3 sides of the body).
rnd 16. 56 sc blo.
rnd 17-19. 56 sc.
fasten off and hide the end.
back part of the body
repeat the front part of the body till round 15.
fasten off leaving a long tail for sewing.
legs
make 2 with white yarn:
rnd 1. ch 4, make 3 sc from the second chain on, ch 1 and turn.
rnd 2. 3 sc, ch 1 and turn.
rnd 3. 3 sc.
rnd 4. don't turn, make 9 sc around the piece (3 in each of the next 3 sides).
rnd 5. 12 sc blo.
rnd 6. 12 sc.
fasten off leaving a tail for sewing.
arms
make 2 with white yarn:
rnd 1. 6 sc in the mr.
rnd 2-5. 6 sc.
flatten the edges and make 3 sc through both layers to close the arm. fasten off leaving a tail for sewing.
ears
make 2 with white yarn.
rnd 1. 5 sc in the mr.
rnd 2. 5sc.
rnd 3. 5 inc (10).
rnd 4-8. 10 sc.
fasten off leaving a tail for sewing.
tail
make it with white yarn.
rnd 1. 6 sc in the mr.
rnd 2. (2sc, 1inc)*2 (8).
rnd 3. 8 sc.
fasten off leaving a tail for sewing.
bow
make it with salmon yarn.
rnd 1. in the mr: (ch 2, 1 hdc, 1 dc, 1 hdc, ch 2, 1 slst)*2
close the mr, fasten off leaving a tail. wrap the center of the bow some times with the yarn left, tie a knot to keep it in place.
assembling
in the front part of the body, place the eyes between rounds 5 and 6 (top-down).leave 3 stitches between them.
embroider the nose and cheeks with pink yarn. embroider the lashes and brows with black thread.
sew the front to the back part of the body. when you are about to finish, fill it with fiber and close.
sew the arms to the sides of the body, align them with the eyes.
sew the legs and the tail.
before you sew the ears, paint them with some make up to make them pinkish. fold the bottom of the ears, sew them to the head leaving about 6 stitches between them.
last but not least, sew the bow near the ear.
download pdf pattern