greetings friends.
moomin is a name given to fictional characters. this fictional character, who uses extraordinary powers, is a member of the scandinavian family and lives in caves. its appearance is reminiscent of a hippopotamus.
thank you catknit for creating this fantastic fictional crochet amigurumi pattern. make this imaginary character's amigurumi toy for your children right away.
as you can see, this cute moomin amigurumi pattern is this pattern that has been prepared in detail. you can see all the details of amigurumi in the step by step pattern description. velvet thread was used as thread. moomin amigurumi made with white yarn is not a useful toy for babies. it can wear out quickly. however, if your kid is 3 to 4 years old, your kids will love this cute moomin doll. let's come to the details of the amigurumi pattern.
moomin cartoon character amigurumi free crochet pattern
designer: catknit
abbreviations
sc: single crochet
inc: increase
dec: decrease
tr: treble/triple crochet
dc: double crochet
hdc: half double crochet
sl-st: slip stitch
ch: chain
st/sts: stitch/stitches
flo: front loop only.
blo: back loop only.
bl: bobble stitch: (yarn over insert your hook into the st and pull up a loop.yarn over again and pull through 2 loops) repeat the steps in the same st until you have a total of 5 loops on your hook.yarn over and pull through all 5 loops at once.
reverse single crochet: ch 1, working from left to right, insert your hook into the next st,turn hook to the left side, grab yarn and pull through. there are now 2 loops on your hook. draw up a loop, bring yarn over the hook again and draw this loop through both loops.
()- x times: repeat the instructions between parantheses x times.
(): reprensents the number of sts you should have at the end of the round.
materials used
colour a:
1 ball of james c brett flutterby, white
colour b:
1 ball of rico ricorumi dk, black
colour c:
1 ball of rico ricorumi dk, white
crochet hook: 4mm
toy stuffing
fabric glue
head
1. using colour a, work 6sc in magic ring (6)
2. inc in each st (12)
3. *1 sc, 1 inc** repeat * to 6 times (18)
4. *2 sc, 1 inc** repeat * to 6 times (24)
5-7. sc in each st
8. inv.dec 6 times, sc across the rest of the sts (18)
9-10. sc in each st
11. *1 sc, 1 inv.dec** repeat * to ** 6 times (12)
12. sc in each st
stop crochetting and stuff the head firmly
13. inv.dec in each st (6)
fasten off leaving a long tail for sewing the last titches together
eyes and mouth
using colour b the pupils are stitched over round 9 with 2 sts in between, you will need about 4 sts.
for the secound part you wiill use fabric glue (or you can stitch the eyes if preferred).
split your yarn and only use two strands. to glue, pin the thread in place and when you are happy with the shape apply a small amount of glue under the thread.
leave to set, sew in the lose ends.
the eyebrows are stitched and glued between row 11 and 12 with 2 sts in between. use the same method as with the eyes.
the mouth is sewn at an angle on the side of the face with on large stitch across row 4 and 5, see picture on previous slide guidance.
ears ( make 2)
1. using colour a, work these stitches in a magic ring:
1 sl st, 1 tr, 1 sl st, close your magic ring and voila!
attach the ears at the top of the head on each side of round 13.
body and legs
leg 1:
1. using colour a, work 8 sc in magic ring (8)
2-4. sc in each st
fasten off leaving a long tail for later.
leg 2:
1. using colour a, work 8 sc in magic ring (8)
2-4. sc in each st
5. ch 3, sc across 8 sts on leg 1, ch 3, sc across 8 stitches on leg 2 (22)
6. inc in each of the 3 chains, sc 8, inc in each of the 3 chains, sc 8 (28)
7-14. sc in each st
stop crocheting and sew across the opening between the legs with the long tail from leg 1.
15. *2 sc, 1 inv.dec** repeat * to ** 7 times (21)
16. sc in each st
17. *1 sc, 1 inv.dec** repeat * to ** 7 times (14)
18. sc in each st
stop chrocheting and stuff the body firmly.
19. inv.dec in each st (7)
attach the head to the body across row 3 to 5 of the head, see image for guidance.
arms ( make 2)
1. using colour a, work 6 sc in magic ring (6)
2-5. sc in each st
fasten off leaving a long tail to sew the arms to the body, do not stuff.
the arms are sewn in place at an downwards angle. the shoulder part of the arm should sit on row 15 and the hand part of the arms should sit on row 11 closer towards the belly.
see image for guidance.
tail
1. using colour a, chain 3.
fasten off leaving a long tail to sew the tail to the body between row 9 and 10.
using colour c, cut 4 lengths of 3cm, fold each length in half. using your hook, pull the folded end through the bottom of the tail and put the non-folded part through the loop. trim to shorten and tidy up the tail.
download pdf pattern