hello everyone,
i crocheted the cute little monkey amigurumi crochet pattern. i think you will enjoy making this wonderful amigurumi pattern step by step. when the amigurumi monkey pattern is complete, it will be small enough to fit in a palm. you will have colorful and cute amigurumi toys that you can use as an amigurumi keychain. you can crochet and give away amigurumi dolls for children or your loved ones.
the cute little monkey amigurumi pattern is very easy to make. among the amigurumi animal patterns, these little monkey toys are the cutest. when making an amigurumi pattern, the thickness of the threads should be the same. making the arms and legs of the amigurumi toy is very simple. you can weave these pieces with yarn of different colors. when making the body and head of the amigurumi pattern, you can crochet with different colored threads. when you complete the amigurumi doll, some colorful and very cute amigurumi monkeys will appear. you can decorate your room or office by making more than one of these toys. don't forget to add the cute little monkey amigurumi pattern to your favorites list.
little monkey keychain pdf amigurumi free pattern
designer
instagram: chibiscraft
ravelry: chibiscraft
materials
2.0mm hook or appropriate size for the thread used.
tapestry needle
2 safety eyes of 4 mm
fiberfill for padding
same size yarn (i used 4-ply cotton blend yarn) for the following colors: mc (main color,
you can choose the color you like), light beige, red, black.
dimension
using the same materials as me, the finished doll is approximately 2.25" tall (without legs).
abbreviations
mr magic ring
st(s) stitch(es)
sc single crochet
inc increase
dec decrease
hdc half double crochet
hdc inc half double crochet or half double crochet increase in single crochet
tr treble crochet
ch chain
slst slip stitch
fl front loop
flo front loop only
(__) -stitch count at end of row/round
let's start crocheting the amigurumi monkey pattern.
let's crochet the face of the amigurumi monkey pattern.
face
first, you will make an oval by crocheting around the base ch. start with light beige.
rnd 1. make a foundation ch: 9ch. then from the second ch from the hook, 7sc, 3sc in the last st. continue to work on the other side of the foundation ch: 6sc, inc (18)
rnd 2. 18 sc (18)
rnd 3. 3 slst, 3 tr in the next st, hdc inc, 3 tr in the next st, 3 slst.
fasten off, leave a long tail for sewing.
we crochet together the body and head of the amigurumi pattern.
head and body
start with colored yarn to make the head.
rnd 1. 6 sc in mr (6)
rnd 2. 6 inc (12)
rnd 3. (sc, inc) x 6 (18)
rnd 4. (sc, inc, sc) x 6 (24)
rnd 5. (3 sc, inc) x 6 (30)
rnd 6-9. (4 rnds): 30 sc (30)
rnd 10. (14 sc, inc) x 2 (32)
rnd 11. 32 sc (32)
rnd 12. (2 sc, dec) x 8 (24)
rnd 13. (sc, dec) x 8 (16)
after working r13, sew the face between r7-12 and place the safety eyes between r2-3 of the face, on the street that has 3 tr.
start stuffing the head with fiberfill.
rnd 14. 8 dec (8)
continue making the body.
rnd 15. flo (sc, inc) x 4 (12)
rnd 16. (sc, inc) x 6 (18)
rnd 17. 18 sc (18)
rnd 18. (2 sc, inc) x 6 (24)
rnd 19-20. (2 rnds): 24 sc (24)
rnd 21. (sc, dec) x 8 (16)
start stuffing the body with fiberfill.
rnd 22. 8 dec (8)
fasten off and leave a long tail to complete. with a tapestry needle, draw the tail through the entire fl of the last round, and pull. tie a knot and hide the thread inside the body.
we crochet the arms and legs of the cute monkey amigurumi pattern.
arms (make 2)
first, you will make the hand by working in rounds (light beige) and then you will continue to make the arm by working a little ch.
start with light beige yarn.
rnd 1. 5 sc in mr (5)
rnd 2. 5 sc (5)
change to colored yarn. leave a long tail of light beige yarn (about 10 cm) to complete the hand later. now continue to make the arm, ch 15. cut the thread, leave a long colored tail for sewing. now, we complete the hand. with a tapestry needle, thread the tail through all the fl of the r2, and pull. tie a knot and hide the tail inside your hand. sew the arms between r15-16 of the body.
legs (make 2)
first, you will make the foot by working in rounds (light beige yarn) and then you will continue to make the leg by working a little ch. start with light beige yarn.
rnd 1. 6 sc in mr (6)
rnd 2. 6 sc (6)
change to colored yarn. leave a long tail of light beige yarn (about 10 cm) to complete the foot later. now, continue doing the leg, making 10 ch. fasten off. leave a long colored tail for sewing. now, we complete the feet. with a tapestry needle, thread the tail through all the fl of the r2, and pull. tie a knot and hide the tail inside the feet. sew the legs between r20-21 of the body.
let's crochet the ears of the amigurumi pattern.
ears (make 2)
start with light beige yarn. work in rows.
rnd 1. 6 hdc in mr (6), do not join the mr, change to and make 1 turning ch
rnd 2. turn, 6 sc (6)
fasten off. leave a long tail for sewing. place the ears between r6-10 of the head.
we are going to crochet the tail part of the amigurumi monkey pattern.
tail
start with colored yarn to make the tail that sits on the back of the body. between r20-21, make a loop (see image), then ch 10 (you can make more chains if you want a longer one). cut the thread (you can secure the end of the thread with fabric glue).
we crochet the mouth and tongue of the amigurumi toy monkey.
mouth and tongue
first, make the tongue by attaching the red yarn to the face (see picture). make 3ch, then start from the second ch from the hook, make 2 slst. fasten off and secure the ends inside the head. then, embroider the mouth using black yarn (i split the 4 ply yarn into 2 ply).
congratulations, you have completed the little monkey amigurumi pattern.
download pdf pattern