hello to everyone,
surprise your loved ones on halloween with the cute ghost. the cute look of the amigurumi pattern will make you happy. making a free amigurumi pattern is very easy step by step. you can crochet the amigurumi toy for your loved ones and children. you can prepare an amigurumi pattern and surprise your friends on halloween in small boxes. you can change the colors of the amigurumi pattern. you can prepare this amigurumi pattern for christmas gifts.
oatley the funny ghost amigurumi pattern consists of arms and body. you can complete the amigurumi pattern in a few hours. the free amigurumi pattern has a white body. it has yellow cheeks, eyes and mouth on the body. amigurumi pattern has legs. yellow yarn is preferred for the legs. you can change the thread color used for the legs and cheeks. making the mouth and eyes of the amigurumi toy is very simple. when the toy is completed, you can crochet it using black yarn. don't forget to add the cute funny ghost amigurumi pattern to your favorite list.
pdf oatley the funny ghost amigurumi crochet pattern
designer
instagram: laststitchontheleft
materials:
white and orange yarn, thnder dark grey or black yarn for embroidering the mouth and eyes
crochet hook in corresponding size,
yarn needle
scssors
polyfill
abbreviations
sc single crochet
sl st slip stitch
inv dec invisible decrease
fo fasten off
inv fo invisible fasten off (easy to follow tutorial here)
inc increase
dec decrease
blo back loop only
flo front loop only
mr magic ring
standing stitch join (easy to follow tutorial here)
i used the cross stitch single crochet stitch throughout for a neater end result. this is done by "yarning under" instead of yarning over when doing the single crochet. doing this is completely optional but if you want to try it, you can find a nice and short tutorial here.
let's start making the amigurumi cute ghost pattern
cheeks (make 2 in orange yarn)
rnd 1. sc 6 in mr
rnd 2. sl st into first sc, fo
let's crochet the legs of the amigurumi pattern
legs (make 2 in orange yarn)
rnd 1. ch 5, and then from second chain from hook: sc 3, sc 3 in next st, sc 2, sc 2 in next st (10)
rnd 2. sc 10 around in blo
rnd 3. dec in blo, sc 4, dec in blo twice (7)
rnd 4. sc 5, dec (6)
rnd 5-11. sc 6 (sc 6 for 7 rds)
rnd 12. sl st, fo
after completing the legs of the amigurumi toy, let's crochet the body part
body (outside)
rnd 1. sc 6 into mr
rnd 2. inc x 6 (12)
rnd 3. sc, inc x 6 (18)
rnd 4. sc 2, inc x 6 (24)
rnd 5. sc 3, inc x 6 (30)
rnd 6. sc 4, inc x 6 (36)
rnd 7-15. sc 36 (9 rds of 36 sc)
embroider face, sew on cheeks
rnd 16. in flo: (sc 5, inc) x 6 (42)
rnd 17. (sc 6, inc) x 6 (48)
rnd 18. ( sc 7, inc) x 6 (54), inv fo
join white yarn using a standing stitch join in the first blo of the previous round 17 on the inside of the ghostly body. we are closing up the bottom of oatley now.
rnd 1. standing stitch join, sc 35 (36)
rnd 2. (sc 4, dec) x 6 (30), begin stuffing the body with polfill
rnd 3. (sc 3, dec) x 6 (24)
rnd 4. (sc 2, dec) x 6 (18)
rnd 5. (sc 1, dec) (12)
rnd 6. dec x 6 (6), fo with needle through back loops and pull closed
let's crochet the face of the cute ghost toy. we are completing our amigurumi pattern. it will be the cutest member of your house.
face
sew cheeks to body between rds 9-12 and approx. 7 sts apart. sew on straight mouth between the cheeks right below row 10. for eyes, make 5 knots on top of each other (on the same place on the yarn) to make a big knot (alternatively make big french knot). place between cheeks one row above mouth and close to the cheeks (so close they almost touch, leave maybe 1 mm of room between eye and cheek).
sew legs to the inside part below the little "apron" at the bottom of the body approx. at the same distance as the cheeks, slightly pointing outwards but with tips pointing slightly inward.
congratulations, you have completed the cute funny ghost amigurumi pattern
download pdf pattern