hello everyone,
today i shared the cute amigurumi cat rattle pattern for you. while making the amigurumi rattle, plastic balls and rice grains are placed inside. it is a safe amigurumi toy for children. you can change the color of the amigurumi rattle pattern as you wish. amigurumi pattern is very easy to make step by step. you can crochet free amigurumi pattern for your loved ones. it will be the best amigurumi gift idea for babies. thank you to the creator of the free amigurumi pattern.
amigurumi cat rattle pattern is very easy to make. we start by making the first ears of the amigurumi cat pattern. their ears are crocheted in different colors. you can make the same color if you want. after completing the amigurumi cat pattern, you can crochet the eyes and mouth part using black yarn. don't forget to add the amigurumi cat rattle to your favorite list.
pdf crochet cat rattle amigurumi free pattern
designer
instagram: mongoreto
etsy: mongoreto
ravelry: mongoreto
materials
cotton 8/6
crochet hook 0
vellon silicone
bell
abbreviations
mr magic ring
sc crochet in single
n-crochet stitches into the adjustable loop
inc increase
dec decrease
(sc 4, inc) x n repeat the parentheses n times
(sc 4, inc) x 6 (36) number of stitches in a round after finishing round
let's start crocheting the amigurumi cat rattle pattern
ears
rnd 1. mr sc 6 (6)
rnd 2. (inc, sc) x 3 (9)
rnd 3. sc in each stitch (9)
rnd 4. (inc, sc 2) x 3 (12)
rnd 5. sc in each stitch (12)
fasten off and cut the yarn. make another. when finish the last round, crochet 9 chain stitch and connect to ear 1. begin to weave the 6th round that carrespond to the head. (42)
after crocheting the ears of the amigurumi cat, let's crochet the head part
head
rnd 6-18. sc in each stitch (42)
separale 12 stitches from each end, leaving 9 stitches free in the center. (here check that is centered, if necessary crochet some stitches without counting)
let's crochet the handle of the amigurumi rattle
handle
rnd 19-52. sc in each stitch (12)
embroider the face
fill the head the handle, put the bell sew the end of the handle on the other end. finally sew the 9 center stitches with needle.
congratulations, you have completed the amigurumi cat rattle.
download pdf pattern