hello everyone, amigurumi lovers,
i'm trying to give you free christmas themed amigurumi patterns before christmas. today i bring you a wonderful crochet owl pattern. i'm sure it will look beautiful on your christmas tree. it is a very simple amigurumi pattern. with detailed step by step pattern instructions and pictures of the pattern making stages, you will complete the crochet christmas owl pattern very quickly and easily. we will also offer you many more christmas tree decoration patterns for free, stay tuned. happy new year to all of you in advance.
christmas crochet owl ornament free amigurumi pattern
designer
instagram: doubledutchcrochetco
materials
yarn:
colour a: baby snuggle in rabbit
colour b: baby snuggle in koala
colour c: baby snuggle in burnt
orange
colour d: medium weight white yarn
colour e: metalic yarn for details
safety eyes size 8mm
fiber fill
ribbon
hook: 5.5mm
size: 43 in
body
5.5mm hook, bulky yarn
start with colour a
row 1: mr, 8sc (8)
row 2: (inc)*8 (16)
row 3: (sc,inc)*8 (24)
row 4-8: sc 24 (24)
switch to colour b
row 9-12: sc 24 (24)
row 13: sc5, hdc 1, dc 1, hdc 1, sc 9, hdc 1, dc 1, hdc 1, sc 4 (24)
1. make the body.
2. stuff using fiber fill. don't overstuff.
3. using a darning needle, sew the top together ensuring the taller parts are on either edge.
eyes
3.75mm hook & medium yarn
colour d
row 1: mr, sc 8 (8)
row 2: (inc)*8 (16)
1. make 2 eyes.
2. attach the safety eyes to the center of each eye.
3. using fabric pins, attach eyes to rows 7-11 of the head directly beside each other.
4. using a darning needle, attach the eyes to the head. you want to attach the center row to the body and not the outside row.
beak & details
3.75mm hook & medium yarn
beak: colour c
1. for the beak, use colour c and insert into the bottom of row 7, in the center between the eyes.
2. make the nose by going back and forth 2-3 times until desired thickness.
3. attach a few strands of metallic yarn to the corners of the ears. attach the ribbon to the center.
detail: colour d
1. to make the body detail, take medium weight yarn. and insert. it into your desired area. these will be randomized. so wherever you want to put them.
2. insert the needle on row up and one stitch over, push the needle over two. stitches.
3. insert the needle back in the original stitch to make a "v" shape. make these over the bottom of the body.
download pdf pattern